Reviewing documentation (#431)
keycloak/keycloak-quickstarts: jakarta/app-authz-jakarta-servlet/README.md

System Requirements
-------------------

To compile and run this quickstart you will need:

* JDK 11
* Apache Maven 3.8.6
* Wildfly 28+
* Keycloak 21+
* Docker 20+

Starting and Configuring the Keycloak Server
-------------------

> To start a Keycloak Server you can use Docker and just run the following command in the root directory of this quickstart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start a Keycloak Server you can use OpenJDK on Bare Metal, Docker, Openshift or any other option described in [Keycloak Getting Started guides]https://www.keycloak.org/guides#getting-started. For example when using Docker just run the following command in the root directory of this quickstart:
```
